---
layout: default
title: "A Change in Approach"
preview: "A common scenario these days would be curling up in my bed , resting to my side ; phone on one hand,
the other hand on my hip."
custom_date: "11 October 2020"
permalink: "/personal/:year/:month/:day/:title.html"
---
<h1> A Change in Approach</h1>
<h5 style="color:grey">11 October 2020</h5>

A common scenario these days would be curling up in my bed , resting to my side; phone on one hand,
the other hand on my hip. Exhaling, I try to release the weight that builds up in my chest as I scroll
through the news feed mindlessly.

Hang on - how did I end up in this position? - I'd ask myself. I'd then try to recall why I was upset in the first place. 

It's this feeling, you know? That you haven't acheived anything significant so far and no matter what you do, you feel like you won't acheive anything in the end. 

You wouldn't be wrong if you said that I was more interested in the end result than in making any progress. So, every now and then, I keep asking 
myself - why haven't I accomplished anything so far?


Maybe I'm measuring progress the wrong way? For instance, progress in coding means winning a coding
competition to me, or I'm expecting to build life-changing apps everyday?
 Or perhaps I don't want progress, I just want the outcome?

Either way, it's time for a change.

First of all, I need to ditch this impatient feeling of not having any accomplishments so far.
I need to focus on making progress.

Here are some things that I believe would guide me in the right direction:

1. Experiment and fail, as much as you can. Only way you're going to learn. Forget about perfection on first try.

2. Narrow your attention to a few courses. For this semester :
- ML
- DSP
- Numericals
	 


There's no point in trying too hard for every course. You're a human being, come on.


Well, that's it. Let's see how things go from here.
